[Music]
you stumbled upon an opportunity
I can make you rich rich enough to
impress a princess
what would I have to do there's a Cave
of Wonders
bring me the land
[Music]
oh great ones and summons me I stand by
my oath loyalty to wishes 3mk rush
[Music]
hey can you make me a prince there is a
lot of gray area in make me a prince I
could just make you a prince oh no you
look like a prince on the outside
but I didn't change anything on the
inside Showtime no I'm in charge okay I
say when it's done
[Music]
really
I thought a princess could go anywhere
not this princess do you trust me
[Music]
it started with the beat drop that came
in my mind a tale so divisive can't
describe to my kind and I'm the master
of the [ __ ] I created this [ __ ] just y
yo but now I gotta tell ya